[Term Entry] PHP Math Functions acosh() (#2856)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/math-functions/terms/acosh/acosh.md

---
Title: 'acosh()'

> Description: 'Returns a floating point number of the inverse hyperbolic cosine value of the argument which is passed as a radian.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the inverse hyperbolic cosine value of the given argument.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Math Functions'
Tags:
  - 'Trigonometric'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The built-in math function **`acosh()`** determines the `inverse hyperbolic cosine` of a number, i.e the value whose hyperbolic cosine is the input number. The input number must be in radians, and the output is a floating point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in math function **`acosh()`** determines the inverse hyperbolic cosine of a number, in other words the value whose hyperbolic cosine is the input number. The input number must be in radians, and the output is a floating point number.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> $result = acosh(number);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$result = acosh($number);
```

```

> Where `number` is the number that the function returns the inverse hyperbolic cosine for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `$number` is the value in radians that the inverse hyperbolic cosine will be based on.
```

## Example

```php
<?php
  echo(acosh(10));
?>
```

> The result will be a float value of `2.9932228461264`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will result in the following output:

```shell
2.9932228461264

```

## Codebyte Example

> The `acosh()` function returns the inverse hyperbolic cosine of the given number as a float value in radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is runnable and demonstrates the use of `acosh()`.
```

```codebyte/php
<?php

>   echo(acosh(10) . "<br>");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo(acosh(-10) . " Radians\n");
```

>   echo(acosh(5));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo(acosh(5)) . " Radians";
```

---
Title: 'acosh()'
Description: 'Returns the inverse hyperbolic cosine value of the given argument.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Math Functions'
Tags:
  - 'Trigonometric'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The built-in math function **`acosh()`** determines the inverse hyperbolic cosine of a number, in other words the value whose hyperbolic cosine is the input number. The input number must be in radians, and the output is a floating point number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The built-in math function **`acosh()`** determines the inverse hyperbolic cosine of a number, in other words the value whose hyperbolic cosine is the input number. The output is a floating point number in radians.
```
The angle is the output of the function, not the input.

## Syntax

```pseudo
$result = acosh($number);
```

> Where `$number` is the value in radians that the inverse hyperbolic cosine will be based on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `$number` is the value that the inverse hyperbolic cosine will be based on.
```
The result is ni radians, not the argument.
